[RC1] Blazor WASM respects UI culture setting (#36105)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/globalization-localization.md

CultureInfo.DefaultThreadCurrentUICulture = new CultureInfo("en-US");
```

:::moniker range="< aspnetcore-10.0"

> [!NOTE]

> > In .NET 9 or earlier, standalone Blazor WebAssembly apps load UI internationalization resources based on <xref:System.Globalization.CultureInfo.DefaultThreadCurrentCulture?displayProperty=nameWithType>. To set the default UI culture using <xref:System.Globalization.CultureInfo.DefaultThreadCurrentUICulture?displayProperty=nameWithType> in a standalone Blazor WebAssembly app, [upgrade the app to .NET 10 or later](xref:migration/index).

Reviewer: These sentences are correct but might be interpreted as:
- in <= net9, use `CurrentCulture` for globalization
- in > net9, use `CurrentUICulture` for globalization.
Which is not what we want to convey.

Could you convert this proposal into doc-friendly form:

`
In .NET 9 or earlier, standalone Blazor WebAssembly apps load UI globalization resources based on <xref:System.Globalization.CultureInfo.DefaultThreadCurrentCulture?displayProperty=nameWithType>. If you want to additionally load globalization data for your localization culture defined by <xref:System.Globalization.CultureInfo.DefaultThreadCurrentUICulture?displayProperty=nameWithType>, [upgrade the app to .NET 10 or later](xref:migration/index).
`

> > In .NET 9 or earlier, standalone Blazor WebAssembly apps load UI globalization resources based on <xref:System.Globalization.CultureInfo.DefaultThreadCurrentCulture?displayProperty=nameWithType>. If you want to additionally load globalization data for your localization culture defined by <xref:System.Globalization.CultureInfo.DefaultThreadCurrentUICulture?displayProperty=nameWithType>, [upgrade the app to .NET 10 or later](xref:migration/index).

Author: Sorry about that. I just woke up and need a cup of ☕!

await host.RunAsync();
```

:::moniker range="< aspnetcore-10.0"

> [!NOTE]

> > In .NET 9 or earlier, standalone Blazor WebAssembly apps load UI internationalization resources based on <xref:System.Globalization.CultureInfo.DefaultThreadCurrentCulture?displayProperty=nameWithType>. To set the default UI culture using <xref:System.Globalization.CultureInfo.DefaultThreadCurrentUICulture?displayProperty=nameWithType> in a standalone Blazor WebAssembly app, [upgrade the app to .NET 10 or later](xref:migration/index).

Author: ```suggestion
> In .NET 9 or earlier, standalone Blazor WebAssembly apps load UI globalization resources based on <xref:System.Globalization.CultureInfo.DefaultThreadCurrentCulture?displayProperty=nameWithType>. If you want to additionally load globalization data for your localization culture defined by <xref:System.Globalization.CultureInfo.DefaultThreadCurrentUICulture?displayProperty=nameWithType>, [upgrade the app to .NET 10 or later](xref:migration/index).
```

await host.RunAsync();
```

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range=">= aspnetcore-8.0 < aspnetcore-10.0"

> [!NOTE]

> > In .NET 9 or earlier, standalone Blazor WebAssembly apps load UI internationalization resources based on <xref:System.Globalization.CultureInfo.DefaultThreadCurrentCulture?displayProperty=nameWithType>. To set the default UI culture using <xref:System.Globalization.CultureInfo.DefaultThreadCurrentUICulture?displayProperty=nameWithType> in a standalone Blazor WebAssembly app, [upgrade the app to .NET 10 or later](xref:migration/index).

Author: ```suggestion
> In .NET 9 or earlier, standalone Blazor WebAssembly apps load UI globalization resources based on <xref:System.Globalization.CultureInfo.DefaultThreadCurrentCulture?displayProperty=nameWithType>. If you want to additionally load globalization data for your localization culture defined by <xref:System.Globalization.CultureInfo.DefaultThreadCurrentUICulture?displayProperty=nameWithType>, [upgrade the app to .NET 10 or later](xref:migration/index).
```
